it's that time of year again YouTube the
San Diego comic-con is just around the
corner and with the comic con comes
exclusive slipcovers and this year the
tradition continues
first up here we've got aliens this is a
cool shot that I believe you got the
Queen here just roaring down at you in
the picture the colors just like wow
it's almost reminds you like an acid
trip everything's very colorful and just
pops out at you on every single one of
these slipcovers actually moving on
we've got Batman the 1966 movie with
Cesaro Romero on the front here now this
one they see me we just be capitalized
on the Joker momentum with suicide squad
coming out next year however this is a
great slipcover it's actually one of my
favorites of all the slipcovers then you
got big trouble in little china this is
actually the first time that this movie
is receiving a slipcover in the United
States I've actually never seen this
movie but the slipcover is still cool
just sucks you right into the picture
then moving on we got commando here with
a standard picture Arnie on the front
now this one is weird i would have done
with predator and the cover with the
style artwork that they have had Arnie
in predator vision that would look way
cooler than this one this was pretty
straight out generic moving on we got
mad max I just watched this movie the
other day and I couldn't even tell you
what part of the movie this was from
when I was a kid I always enjoyed the
Mad Max with Tina Turner Beyond
Thunderdome that one was always my
favorite however the artwork is still
pretty cool for some reason arising Vega
from Street Fighter
then moving on we get mystique now this
one was really cool with this artwork
however is it just me or is mystique
look cockeyed other that's like flaw
this is a great-looking slipcover here
we have the Terminator this is the
original Terminator along with the
Batman slipcover those are my favorite
too of all of these now I'm looking at
this slipcover the first thing that I
think is this is like if Terminator is
just pummeled you and you're opening
your eyes your vision is blurry from
getting socked in the head by a fucking
robot and this is the last vision you
see before you die pretty eerie when you
think about it but it's a nice little
cover then moving on we got we got
Spaceballs Spaceballs has a yogurt cover
and it has an alternate cover art with
bar fuck seems you really pumping out
re-releases on this movie on the
constant then last we've got my least
favorite of all the slipcovers super
troopers they went with that same
artwork of the upside down they really
should have went with a different
artwork I wasn't I'm not a fan of this
one I like this one even less than I
like commando okay so usually these are
available through Fox connect count but
just a couple of days ago they were up
for pre-order on bestbuy.com are no
longer on on the site this is kind of
weird if best buy releases them I'm
wondering if they'll come with a
lithograph like they did last year
this Fox connect get even sell them at
all but one thing you can be sure us if
you're going to comic-con they will be
there at the booths one last thing that
I wanted to address is at comic-con
there's actually going to be an
exclusive fan greening of x-men days of
future past the road cut this will
include all the rogue scenes now as you
can imagine this line is probably
literally going to be half a mile long
but those that do get in to the viewing
get an exclusive blu-ray of the road cut
which comes out later on in the month
those are there to get a limited-edition
lithograph this is a really cool looking
lithograph got the egg kind of like a 3d
effect the way that it's looming out
there so I got for you guys in this
video you haven't seen my complete
collection video go ahead and check it
out it's in the description box and
until the next time I see you stay true
and stay
i get home tonight naked make it home